Set/Get -AppxPackageAutoUpdateSettings PowerShell cmdlets (#2498)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/appx/Get-AppxPackageAutoUpdateSettings.md

---
description: Provides guidance on how to view the auto-update and repair settings of a Windows App.
external help file: Microsoft.Windows.Appx.PackageManager.Commands.dll-help.xml
Module Name: Appx
ms.date: 06/07/2021
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/appx/Get-AppxPackageAutoUpdateSettings?view=windowsserver2022-ps&wt.mc_id=ps-gethelp
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AppxPackageAutoUpdateSettings

## SYNOPSIS

> Available in the Windows Insider Preview Builds of windows 10, is the `Get-AppxPackageAutoUpdateSettings` PowerShell cmdlet. The `Get-AppxPackageAutoUpdateSettings` PowerShell cmdlet provides visibility to the settings configured on a Windows 10 client device for a particular Windows App. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Get-AppxPackageAutoUpdateSettings` PowerShell cmdlet is available in the Windows Insider Preview Builds of Windows 10. The `Get-AppxPackageAutoUpdateSettings` PowerShell cmdlet provides visibility to the settings configured on a Windows 10 client device for a particular Windows App. 
```

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AppxPackageAutoUpdateSettings [[-PackageFullName] <String>] [-ShowUpdateAvailability] [-AllUsers]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The `Get-AppxPackageAutoUpdateSettings` PowerShell cmdlet will return the settings configured for a specific or all installed Windows Apps in relation to Auto Update and Repair

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get All App Package Auto Update Settings
```
PS C:\> Get-AppxPackageAutoUpdateSettings
```

> This will return the Auto Update and Repair settings for all configured, and installed Windows Apps on the device, and registered to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will return the Auto Update and Repair settings registered to the user for all configured and installed Windows Apps on the device.
```

Author: When we add ("Install") an application, we both stage and register the app. The settings are applied to the app. Without the use of the "-allusers" parameter, the returned results are only for Windows Apps registered for the users, and with auto update and repair configured settings.

> This will return the Auto Update and Repair settings for all configured, and installed Windows Apps on the device, and registered to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will return the Auto Update and Repair settings for all configured and installed Windows Apps on the device, and registered to the user.
```

> ### Example 2: Get App App Package Auto Update Settings for all users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 2: Get App Package Auto Update Settings for all users
```

```
PS C:\> Get-AppxPackageAutoUpdateSettings -AllUsers
```

> This will return the Auto Update and Repair settings for all configured and isntalled Windows Apps that have been registered for all users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will return the Auto Update and Repair settings for all configured and installed Windows Apps that have been registered for all users.
```

> ### Example 3: Get a single App Package Auto Update Setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 3: Get a single App Package Auto Update setting
```

```
PS C:\> Get-AppxPackageAutoUpdateSettings -PackageFullName publisher.package1_1.0.0.0_neutral__8wekyb3d8bbwe
```

> This will return the Auto Update and Repair settings for a specific Windows App that has been installed and registered to the logged on user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will return the Auto Update and Repair settings for a specific Windows App that has been installed and registered to the signed-in user.
```

## PARAMETERS

### -PackageFullName

> Specifies the Package Full Name of that app that is being queried.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the Package Full Name of the app that is being queried.
```
